Clarify LLM Obs plugin-disabling env vars per language (#36161)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/instrumentation/auto_instrumentation.md

For more specific control over library patching and the integration that starts the span, you can set the following environment variables:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}

> `DD_PATCH_MODULES`

Author: Added versioning line for those env vars.

For more specific control over library patching and the integration that starts the span, you can set the following environment variables:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}

`DD_PATCH_MODULES`
: A comma-separated list of modules to enable or disable patching for. Overrides the default patching behavior. Use the format `module:true,module:false`. Available in version 2.17.4+.<br>
**Example**: `DD_PATCH_MODULES=openai:false,langchain:false`

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Node.js" %}}

`DD_TRACE_DISABLED_PLUGINS`
: A comma-separated string of integration names that are automatically disabled when the tracer is initialized.<br>

> **Example**: `DD_TRACE_DISABLED_PLUGINS=openai,http`

Author: This is a fair comment - especially considering the intro mentions "specific control over library patching".

Swapping over to `DD_TRACE_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS` as the recommended Node method for disabling patching.

For more specific control over library patching and the integration that starts the span, you can set the following environment variables:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}

> `DD_PATCH_MODULES`

Reviewer: can we leave this one out and just keep one way to do it with the integration-specific var below?

Author: Is there a reason we're leaving only this one out and not the Node equivalents? Is it not recommended?

It's a [publicly documented](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/python/#:~:text=DD_PATCH_MODULES,patch%2Cmodule%3Apatch...) env var in the APM python config guide and removing it means there's no method of disabling multiple integrations with a single env var in Python, while Node still has the other options.

Reviewer: hmm my hesitation is that these are shared with apm and will disable apm integrations but that is true of all the settings...

Moreso just keeping 1 way to do it (I'd rather limit the node.js ones to just have one way as well).

Author: ah ok gotcha! in that case, my preference would be to keep `DD_TRACE_DISABLED_PLUGINS` for Node and `DD_PATCH_MODULES` since these options support CSV lists (easier for the customer), and [
DD_TRACE_[INTEGRATION]_ENABLED](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/#integrations) is already documented elsewhere - will remove the others and merge unless any concerns!

> : A comma-separated list of modules to patch or not patch, overriding the default. Use the format `DD_PATCH_MODULES=module:patch,module:patch...`. Available in version 2.17.4+.<br>

Reviewer 2: Two minor issues on this line:

1. "overriding the default" is a trailing participial phrase — worth rewriting so the override behavior is part of the main clause.
2. "Use the format `DD_PATCH_MODULES=module:patch,module:patch...`" — the env var name is already the definition term above; the format hint can drop it.

```suggestion
: A comma-separated list of modules to enable or disable patching for. Overrides the default patching behavior. Use the format `module:true,module:false`. Available in version 2.17.4+.<br>
```

: A comma-separated string of library names that are not patched when the tracer is initialized.<br>
**Example**: `DD_TRACE_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS=openai,http`

`DD_TRACE_<INTEGRATION>_ENABLED`

> : Set to `false` to disable tracing for a specific integration. Replace `<INTEGRATION>` with the uppercase integration name.<br>

Author: Added clearer example showing integration should use underscores.

> **Example**: `DD_TRACE_GOOGLE_GENAI_ENABLED=false` (for `google-genai`)

Reviewer 2: Optional polish — the parenthetical could spell out the transformation explicitly, which helps readers (and AI retrieval) understand the naming rule rather than just seeing one example:

```suggestion
**Example**: `DD_TRACE_GOOGLE_GENAI_ENABLED=false` (the `google-genai` integration name becomes `GOOGLE_GENAI`)
```
